Add prevent_destroy lifecycle option to the database resource (#100)
GSA-TTS/terraform-cloudgov: UPGRADING.md

1. Run: `terraform import module.database.cloudfoundry_service_instance.rds ID_FROM_STEP_3`
1. Run: `terraform apply` to fill in new computed attributes

## Database: `prevent_destroy` support

The database module now supports a `prevent_destroy` variable (default: `false`) that prevents accidental destruction of the database service instance.

### Upgrading existing databases (default behavior, `prevent_destroy = false`)

No action required. The module includes a `moved` block that automatically migrates state from `cloudfoundry_service_instance.rds` to `cloudfoundry_service_instance.rds[0]`. Run `terraform plan` and verify you see only a state address change with zero infrastructure modifications, then `terraform apply`.

### Enabling protection on an existing database (`prevent_destroy = true`)

> > ⚠️ **WARNING:** You **must** perform the manual state move below **before** running `terraform plan`. If you skip this step, Terraform will plan to **destroy** the existing database and create a new one. The `terraform plan` output will clearly show `1 to destroy, 1 to add` — always review plans carefully.

Reviewer: [suggestion] re-word this warning to focus on what they _should_ see.

```suggestion
> ⚠️ **WARNING:** You **must** perform the manual state move below **before** running `terraform plan`. If you skip this step, Terraform will plan to **destroy** the existing database and create a new one. `terraform plan` should clearly include `0 to destroy` if you've done the move correctly — always review plans carefully.
```

1. Update your module source ref to the new version.
2. Set `prevent_destroy = true` in your module call.
3. **Before running `terraform plan`**, move the state (replace `<NAME>` with your module's name, e.g., `workflow-db`, `database`):

    ```bash
    terraform state mv \
      'module.<NAME>.cloudfoundry_service_instance.rds' \
      'module.<NAME>.cloudfoundry_service_instance.rds_protected[0]'
    ```

4. Run `terraform plan` and confirm zero infrastructure changes.
5. Run `terraform apply`.

> ### Enabling protection on a database that already upgraded with the default

Author: Minor: this part of the change in the README (here to below in the diff) seems unnecessary and therefore slightly confusing. It is a repeat of the above, just in the case you don't need to do `1. Update your module source ref to the new version.`

Reviewer: I agree. I think a clearer upgrade path for folks would be:

1. Upgrade to new module version (prevent_destroy=false / default moved block)
2. Update/move from `rds[0]` to `rds_protected[0]`

That way, step 1 is the same for everyone no matter what, and then step 2 is an optional step for those who want `prevent_destroy`, but it can assume the same starting point. And if someone knows terraform well enough to do it in one step, then kudos to them
